Updated documentation (#783)
dynamoosejs/dynamoose: docs/api/Query.md

## Model.query([filter])

> This is the basic entry point to construct a query request. It requires to set at least the hashKey of the item(s). The filter property is optional and can either be an object or a string representing the key you which to first filter on. In the event you don't pass in any parameters and don't call any other methods on the query object it will query with no filters or options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the basic entry point to construct a query request. When running a query you must specify at least the hashKey of the document(s). This can either be the hashKey of the table, or the hashKey of an index. The filter property is optional and can either be an object or a string representing the key you which to first filter on. In the event you don't pass in any parameters and don't call any other methods on the query object it will query with no filters or options.
```

```js
Cat.query("breed").contains("Terrier").exec() // will query all items where the hashKey `breed` contains `Terrier`
Cat.query({"breed": {"contains": "Terrier"}}).exec() // will query all items where the hashKey `breed` contains `Terrier`
```

If you pass an object into `Model.query` the object for each key should contain the comparison type. For example, in the last example above, `contains` was our comparison type. This comparison type must match one of the comparison type functions listed on this page.

> Please note: `Model.query()` combines both the `KeyConditionExpression` and the `FilterExpression` from DynamoDB. If you query for an attribute that you defined as your hashKey or rangeKey DynamoDB will use `KeyConditionExpression`. This could be the most performant and cost efficient way to query for. If querying for attributes that are not defined as your hashKey or rangeKey DynamoDB might select more items at first and then filter the result which could have a bad impact on performance and costs.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Model.query()` combines both the `KeyConditionExpression` and the `FilterExpression` from DynamoDB. If you query for an attribute that you defined as your hashKey or rangeKey DynamoDB will use `KeyConditionExpression`. This could be the most performant and cost efficient way to query for. If querying for attributes that are not defined as your hashKey or rangeKey DynamoDB might select more items at first and then filter the result which could have a bad impact on performance and costs.    
```

> **Please note:** `Model.query()` combines both the `KeyConditionExpression` and the `FilterExpression` from DynamoDB. If you query for an attribute that you defined as your hashKey (partition key) or rangeKey (sort key) DynamoDB will use `KeyConditionExpression`. This is the most performant and cost efficient way and we highly recommend setting hashKey (partition key) and rangeKey (sortKey) that you can query for. If you query for attributes that are not defined as your hashKey (partition key) or rangeKey (sortKey) DynamoDB might select more items at first which could have a bad impact on performance and costs. Also consider using secondary indexes instead.    

Reviewer: > **Please note:**

Not sure I'm a fan of the bold here. We can add it later if needed. But it adds unnecessary styling, and draws peoples attention to that. If you are new to DynamoDB and don't understand this concept, you should likely be reading most/all of the documentation. I don't think it's necessary to draw additional attention to this point and risk people skipping or skimming over other valuable information.

> This is the most performant and cost efficient way and we highly recommend setting hashKey (partition key) and rangeKey (sortKey) that you can query for.

I don't think this is always true. I can for sure think of legit instances where you don't need to query for a range/sort key. Of course you always need the hash/partition key. But I can totally think of legit instances where just querying the hash/partition key will meet a use case and is the most performant & cost effective solution.

> Also consider using secondary indexes instead.

Something doesn't feel right about this sentence. It feels overly broad. I'm not quite sure how to fix it tho. I don't think it really adds anything to this documentation, and I feel like raises more questions than it answers.

Not quite sure what to suggest changing it to tho. If you have any thoughts I'd love to hear them.

Author: I changed to:

> Please note: `Model.query()` combines both the `KeyConditionExpression` and the `FilterExpression` from DynamoDB. If you query for an attribute that you defined as your hashKey (partition key) or rangeKey (sort key) DynamoDB will use `KeyConditionExpression`. This could be the most performant and cost efficient way to query for. If querying for attributes that are not defined as your hashKey (partition key) or rangeKey (sortKey) DynamoDB might select more items at first (that can be found by hashKey and rangeKey) and then filter the result. This could have a bad impact on performance and costs.

What do you think?

## query.all([delay[, max]])

> If a query result is more than the limit of your DynamoDB table (before filtering!), DynamoDB paginates the results so you would have to send multiple requests. This function sends continuous query requests until all items have been received (as long as the `lastKey` property exists on the response). This can be useful if you wish to get all the items from the table and don't want to worry about checking the `lastKey` property and sending a new query request yourself.

Reviewer: Still gotta figure out how to make this better. `the limit of your DynamoDB table` doesn't really make a lot of sense. Reading that makes me think there is a setting or option to adjust the limit of the table. Not quite sure how to make it better, will think about it for the next review.

Same likely goes for Scan.all.

```suggestion
If a query result is more than the limit of your DynamoDB table, DynamoDB paginates the results so you would have to send multiple requests. This function sends continuous query requests until all items have been received (as long as the `lastKey` property exists on the response). This can be useful if you wish to get all the items from the table and don't want to worry about checking the `lastKey` property and sending a new query request yourself.
```

## query.all([delay[, max]])

> If a query result is more than 1 MB (before filtering!), DynamoDB paginates the results so you would have to send multiple requests. Please see the [AWS DynamoDB documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Query.Pagination.html) for further informations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the fact that [DynamoDB paginates query results that are more than 1 MB](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Query.Pagination.html) (before filtering!), Dynamoose provides the `query.all` method to automatically make subsequent requests to DynamoDB.
```

Reviewer: Also not sure I'm a fan of having AWS links in the documentation. It's one more thing to maintain in case of 404 errors or something.

It should be assumed that if you are gonna use Dynamoose that you need to research DynamoDB. I don't think Dynamoose needs to be responsible for doing that.

I'm totally willing to reconsider that in the future maybe. But this is still a small project in terms of number of maintainers. Adding a link to AWS docs and trying to education people about DynamoDB I don't think should be part of Dynamoose documentation at this point when I don't have enough support in maintaining the project.

Also, the 1 MB limit, that could change at any point. Which again, is another point of having to maintain and update things. It just increases the chances of things getting out of date extremely quickly.

So far I've tried to give good advice to anyone asking for it. But going in depth to DynamoDB in the docs is a whole different game.

Author: I changed to:

> If a query result is more than the limit of your DynamoDB table (before filtering!), DynamoDB paginates the results so you would have to send multiple requests.

What do you think?
